# CPP Module 2 - Ex 00 - My First Canonical Class

You’ve worked with integers and floating-point numbers so far. This task introduces another way of representing numbers: fixed-point arithmetic. Unlike floats and ints, fixed-point keeps a fixed number of fractional bits and is commonly used in domains like graphics or audio processing.

Since C++98 does not provide such a type, you’ll begin by building the foundation of one.

More info about fixed-point numbers: https://web.archive.org/web/20231224143018/https://inst.eecs.berkeley.edu/~cs61c/sp06/handout/fixedpt.html

---

## TASK

[I.] Create a class Fixed that follows the **Orthodox Canonical Form (OCF)**.  

The class must have:
1. Private members
- An integer to hold the raw fixed-point value.
- A static const int representing the number of fractional bits (always set to 8).

2. Public members
- A default constructor initializing the raw value to 0.
- A copy constructor.
- A copy assignment operator.
- A destructor.
- A method `int getRawBits(void) const;` returning the raw stored integer.
- A method `void setRawBits(int const raw);` to set the raw stored integer.

[II.]Expected behavior

You are provided with main.cpp, which will:
- Create instances of Fixed.
- Copy them using the copy constructor and assignment operator.
- Call the getRawBits() method and print the results.

The output should demonstrate calls to constructors, assignment, and destructors, along with the trace from getRawBits(). The printed numbers will be 0 since only raw storage is implemented at this stage.

<details> <summary> Main.cpp </summary> 

```
 #include <iostream>
 int
 main( void ) {
 Fixed a;
 Fixed b( a );
 Fixed c;
 c = b;
 std::cout << a.getRawBits() << std::endl;
 std::cout << b.getRawBits() << std::endl;
 std::cout << c.getRawBits() << std::endl;
 return 0;
 }
 ```
</details>

<details> <summary> Expected output </summary> 

```
 $> ./a.out
 Default constructor called
 Copy constructor called
 Copy assignment operator called // <-- This line may be missing depending on your implementation
 getRawBits member function called
 Default constructor called
 Copy assignment operator called
 getRawBits member function called
 getRawBits member function called
 0
 getRawBits member function called
 0
 getRawBits member function called
 0
 Destructor called
 Destructor called
 Destructor called
 $>
 ```
</details>
